feat: english curriculum block 7 (#58015)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/24-b1-english-for-developers/learn-how-to-use-conditionals/677f9b506ea2690c6c22ef7e.md

---
id: 677f9b506ea2690c6c22ef7e
title: Task 20
challengeType: 22
dashedName: task-20
---

<!-- (audio) Sarah: Yeah, it can. Speaking of which, another thing we can check is if the hard drive is failing. -->

# --instructions--

Listen to the audio and complete the sentence below.

# --fillInTheBlank--

## --sentence--

`Yeah, it can. Speaking of which, another thing we can check is if the hard drive BLANK BLANK.`

## --blanks--

`is`

### --feedback--

> This is the verb `to be,` used here as part of the `Present Continuous` tense.

Author: ```suggestion
This is the verb `to be`, used here as part of the `Present Continuous` tense.
```

---

`failing`

### --feedback--

> This verb means something is starting to stop working properly. It’s in the `Present Continuous` tense and ends with `-ing.`
> 
> 
> # --explanation--
> 
> Let’s review the key vocabulary and grammar in this sentence:  
> 
> `Hard drive` is the part of a computer where all files and programs are stored. For example:  
> 
> `The hard drive is almost full, so I need to delete some old files.` – This means the hard drive doesn’t have much space left.  
> 
> `Failing` means something is starting to stop working. For example: 
> 
> `The hard drive is failing, so we need to back up the files.` – This means the hard drive is breaking down and may stop working soon.  
> 
> `Is failing`is the `Present Continuous` tense, used to describe something happening now or temporarily. For example:  
> 
> `The hard drive is failing` – This means the hard drive currently has problems, and it is an ongoing issue.
> 
> In this sentence, `is failing` describes the hard drive’s condition. It shows that the problem is happening now and might cause the computer to stop working soon.  

Author: ```suggestion
This verb means something is starting to stop working properly. It's in the `Present Continuous` tense and ends with `-ing`.

# --explanation--

Let’s review the key vocabulary and grammar in this sentence:  

`Hard drive` is the part of a computer where all files and programs are stored. For example:  

`The hard drive is almost full, so I need to delete some old files.` – This means the hard drive doesn't have much space left.  

`Failing` means something is starting to stop working. For example: 

`The hard drive is failing, so we need to back up the files.` – This means the hard drive is breaking down and may stop working soon.  

`Is failing` is the `Present Continuous` tense, used to describe something happening now or temporarily. For example:  

`The hard drive is failing` – This means the hard drive currently has problems, and it is an ongoing issue.

In this sentence, `is failing` describes the hard drive's condition. It shows that the problem is happening now and might cause the computer to stop working soon.  
```
